It has 2 styles (task or relationship-oriented) determined by 3 variables (leader-member relationship, task structure, and position power)
Extent employees defer to others.  
Extent employees believe they control goal achievement (internal) or it is controlled by others (external).  
Extent of employees’ ability to perform tasks and achieve goals.  
To “fit together” the components of all the pre-existing theories, including the capability and motivation of followers, the personality traits, behaviours and experience of leaders, and the task, structure and environment of the situation.
People with broad organisational knowledge that people like collaborating with seem to add the most value  
Psychological wellbeing is at risk, as is cognitive performance, if people can't socialise at work  
The act of socialising with other people on a regular basis is increasingly being seen as necessary for maintaining and increasing the information highways within the brain. It helps people think better.
Disengaged
Developing good working relationships with people in positional power  
Learning the written and unwritten rules of the organisational culture and where the power actually lies  
Building political coalitions
Increasing my management experience and building political relationships
An improvement in capability is matched by a decrease in motivation.
With a degree of confusion. As such a manager assumes the employee values a working environment in which such things as family, cultures and traditions (which have not changed), why is there a drop in motivation and commitment
By questioning the employee's long-term employment. Is this evidence that now the employee has moved beyond the initial enthusiasm stage, they are actually the wrong fit for the company?
Given the rapidly changing nature and increasing complexity of work, how well can any leader actually perform the leadership styles as they might not have the tehcnical knowhow to judge their employee's level or coach them to improve
Reframing leadership from a hard and natural skillset to a soft and performative skillset
